Post on customer service <> ML (#6)
nlathia/blog: _posts/2020-06-27-Customer-service-machine-learning.md

**So what?** We believe that this approach could be useful to help agents see how other cases have been solved by others — potentially increasing knowledge discovery and reducing the need to escalate things to #cops-queries.

### 🏦 Monitoring outcomes as they happen

**Why?** There are two common ways that companies track the quality of their customer support: by asking customers (with a customer satisfaction survey) or by reviewing cases (using a quality assurance team). Both of these are lagging metrics that only happen after-the-fact.

**How?** The main problem that *case monitoring* could try to solve is:

> Given a case that is ongoing, what outcome is likely to happen?

This could cover a variety of **regression problems:** given a case, we could try to predict how long it will take to handle, what the likelihood of complaint is, what the customer's satisfaction rating will be, etc.

**So what?** This approach could be useful if we wanted to intervene in specific cases (e.g., detect that a conversation is likely to end up in a complaint so that we can do something about it earlier).

## 📜 The end!

> This list of ideas switches customer service from "this willbe replaced in its entirety by bots" towards "automation can help human service scale." 

Author: ```suggestion
This list of ideas switches customer service from "this will be replaced in its entirety by bots" towards "automation can help human service scale." 
```
